feat(zsh): Enable left transience (#4205)
starship/starship: docs/advanced-config/README.md

load(io.popen('starship init cmd'):read("*a"))()
```

## TransientPrompt in Zsh

> It is possible to replace the previous-printed prompt with a custom string. This
> is useful in cases where all the prompt information is not always needed. To enable
> this, run `enable_transience` in the shell session. To make it permanent, put
> this statement in your `~/.zshrc`. Transience can be disabled on-the-fly with
> `disable_transience`.
> 
> By default, the left side of input gets replaced with a bold-green `❯`. To customize this,
> define a new function called `starship_transient_prompt_func`. For example, to
> display Starship's `character` module here, you would do
> 
> ```shell
> function starship_transient_prompt_func {
>   starship module character
> }
> eval "$(starship init zsh)"
> enable_transience
> ```
> 
> Note: The current zsh transient prompt implementation has some known limitations:
> 
> - The shell behaves as if `notify` option was always off (note that it's on by default).
> - The exit status from the shell on Ctrl-D is aways 0.
> 
> Refer to the related [issue](https://github.com/starship/starship/issues/888) and
> [pull request](https://github.com/starship/starship/pull/4205) for more details.

Reviewer: Let's put it on the top as an actual warning block:
````suggestion
::: warning

The current zsh transient prompt implementation has some known limitations:

- The shell behaves as if `notify` option was always off (note that it's on by default).
- The exit status from the shell on Ctrl-D is aways 0.

Refer to the related [issue](https://github.com/starship/starship/issues/888) and
[pull request](https://github.com/starship/starship/pull/4205) for more details.

:::

It is possible to replace the previous-printed prompt with a custom string. This
is useful in cases where all the prompt information is not always needed. To enable
this, run `enable_transience` in the shell session. To make it permanent, put
this statement in your `~/.zshrc`. Transience can be disabled on-the-fly with
`disable_transience`.

By default, the left side of input gets replaced with a bold-green `❯`. To customize this,
define a new function called `starship_transient_prompt_func`. For example, to
display Starship's `character` module here, you would do

```shell
function starship_transient_prompt_func {
  starship module character
}
eval "$(starship init zsh)"
enable_transience
```
````
